# eportfolio
This repository holds my reflection for my eportfolio for my senior design class

# Reflection on my 3 projects
My repository holds 3 important project which all relate to the dignity of a human person. My first project, https://github.com/catherinekieffer/catherinekieffer.github.io, holds information about myself. This project is important as it contextualizes the human person into something more than just a number or one headshot on a screen. This website contains not only pictures of other projects, but also a page that holds many pictures relating to my life outside of computer science and even tells a little bit about my interests. This site also highlights the fact that I am also a Catholic Studies minor which is very important to me, but is not something that can be highlighted very easily. My dignity as a human person can be seen very easily here with just a few simple pages. 
Secondly, another one of my projects, https://github.com/catherinekieffer/webdev-rest, shows crime data using a restful api. This website is also important as it causes the viewer to be more aware of crimes in St. Paul. Before working on this project I had no idea all of the diversity of crimes and how much is documented and it was fascinating to look into and reminded me of just how many crimes there are against the dignity of a human person. Someone viewing this website could be inspired to stop and think before commiting a crime or even to just be more aware of their surroundings to try to protect others.
Thirdly, my final project, https://github.com/catherinekieffer/webdev-dynamic, is a website that shows airline information. This website is important as it tells the details regarding the incidents and accidents of each airline. I know for me, when I travel I want to try to find the cheapest airline. However, the cheapest airlines are often not the safest and thus a website like this is important as it allows the user to check the airline they are potentially going to buy a ticket from and decide whether or not they want to take that risk. A human life is extremely important, and this website will make users more aware of not only the dangers of flying, but also which airlines to stay away from if you are trying to find the safest airline.
Overall, these three projects contribute to a person's knowledge about a person's human dignity and hope that all of these websites will contribute to spreading awareness humans' innate dignity!

